# ImAG
ImAG or Image Analysis Group. This is more like a interest group rather than a formal group affiliated to an institution. The motivation of forming such a group is to provide imaging users a platform to share their problems and solutions with others who might be interested.We suggest that users publish your developments and then share your implementations, no matter in what forms or languages. This can save others’ efforts and time even by just checking your implementations as a template. Alternatively, researchers can collaborate on a specific topic to work out some solutions. The eventual goal is to have dynamically growing and accumulating open-source resource for imaging users. We hope this can help users to remove technical hurdles in image related works and speed up scientific outputs with imaging techniques. 

The purpose of the ImAG is to become THE platform for sharing and distribution of multi-dimensional image analysis tools.  The focus is primarily x-ray imaging, naturally associated with x-ray tomography and coherent imaging, though anything a member finds useful can be posted to the repository.  The goal is to collect useful codes, regardless of the programming language or level of programming sophistication, into a public repository for reuse be all.  The benefits should be multi-fold, as scientists may find that someone else has produced a tool to accomplish a needed task, thus saving reinvention of the wheel, while the author of the code could receive improvements to the functionality through expanded use.  We sincerely hope that ones efforts will be duly rewarded though citations and perhaps co-authorships in scientific literature. ImAG can also be a forum in which scientists can collaborate on open source developments. The goal of ImAG is to remove technical hurdles in image related works and speed scientific output with x-ray imaging techniques. 

To gain write permissions to the repository please contact Dr. Xianghui Xiao (owner of this repository) at the address provided in his github profile.
